com/koiwaLearning/api/mapper/CoursesMapper.java
 com.koiwaLearning.api.mapper.CoursesMapper
com/koiwaLearning/api/domain/ScoreDetail.java
 com.koiwaLearning.api.domain.ScoreDetail
com/koiwaLearning/api/service/TeachersService.java
 com.koiwaLearning.api.service.TeachersService
com/koiwaLearning/SpringBatchApplication.java
 com.koiwaLearning.SpringBatchApplication
com/koiwaLearning/api/service/ScoresService.java
 com.koiwaLearning.api.service.ScoresService
com/koiwaLearning/api/mapper/TeachersMapper.java
 com.koiwaLearning.api.mapper.TeachersMapper
com/koiwaLearning/api/service/QuestionService.java
 com.koiwaLearning.api.service.QuestionService
com/koiwaLearning/api/service/CoursesService.java
 com.koiwaLearning.api.service.CoursesService
com/koiwaLearning/api/domain/Teachers.java
 com.koiwaLearning.api.domain.Teachers
com/koiwaLearning/api/domain/Question11.java
 com.koiwaLearning.api.domain.Question11
com/koiwaLearning/api/controller/IndexController.java
 com.koiwaLearning.api.controller.IndexController
com/koiwaLearning/api/mapper/QuestionMapper.java
 com.koiwaLearning.api.mapper.QuestionMapper
com/koiwaLearning/api/domain/Scores.java
 com.koiwaLearning.api.domain.Scores
com/koiwaLearning/api/domain/StudentDetail.java
 com.koiwaLearning.api.domain.StudentDetail
com/koiwaLearning/api/domain/TeacherDetail.java
 com.koiwaLearning.api.domain.TeacherDetail
com/koiwaLearning/api/domain/Question9.java
 com.koiwaLearning.api.domain.Question9
com/koiwaLearning/api/domain/CourseDetail.java
 com.koiwaLearning.api.domain.CourseDetail
com/koiwaLearning/api/domain/Courses.java
 com.koiwaLearning.api.domain.Courses
com/koiwaLearning/api/controller/ScoresController.java
 com.koiwaLearning.api.controller.ScoresController
com/koiwaLearning/api/controller/TeachersController.java
 com.koiwaLearning.api.controller.TeachersController
com/koiwaLearning/api/domain/Students.java
 com.koiwaLearning.api.domain.Students
com/koiwaLearning/api/mapper/ScoresMapper.java
 com.koiwaLearning.api.mapper.ScoresMapper
com/koiwaLearning/api/controller/QuestionController.java
 com.koiwaLearning.api.controller.QuestionController
com/koiwaLearning/api/controller/CoursesController.java
 com.koiwaLearning.api.controller.CoursesController
com/koiwaLearning/api/service/StudentsService.java
 com.koiwaLearning.api.service.StudentsService
com/koiwaLearning/api/mapper/StudentsMapper.java
 com.koiwaLearning.api.mapper.StudentsMapper
com/koiwaLearning/api/controller/StudentsController.java
 com.koiwaLearning.api.controller.StudentsController
